README.md, before:

# GeoModeller Tutorial A (A First Geology Modelling Experience)

## GeoModeller v4.0

Each of the Tutorials in the Intrepid-Geophysics workspace is intended for use with GeoModeller v4.0. If you do not own GeoModeller v4.0 and would like to know more, please do not hesitate to [Contact Us](http://www.intrepid-geophysics.com/ig/index.php?page=contact-us)

## Introduction

This tutorial is included as part of the GeoModeller v4.0 package, and is intended to be the first tutorial new users should explore. This tutorial comes in six parts, corresponding to A1-A6. In most cases, a **beginning** version and a **completed** version of the project is included in case you have trouble finishing a section, or if you wish to run through one section without doing all the parts that come before it.

### Tutorial A1

In this tutorial you will use basic functions of GeoModeller to build a simple 3D model comprised of 2 geology formations.

You will learn how to:

* Create a project by defining its limits, its formations and geological pile
* Create a topographic surface, using a Digital Terrain Model (DTM)
* Create a section
* Import geology data to a map-view and a cross-section
* Compute the 3D model
* Render the 3D model in 2D views
* Display the model in 3D

### Tutorial A2

In this tutorial you will build a 3D model with several geology formations that have more complex relationships.

You will learn how to:

* Open an existing project
* Add geology formations to a project
* Modify the geological pile
* Plot model geology cross-sections that are automatically coherent with all other sections

### Tutorial A3

In this tutorial you will add intrusive bodies to the geology. A granite body is created from surface data and interpretation of a seismic section. A dyke is created from surface data.

You will learn how to:

* Open an existing project
* Import geological data onto surface topography and a cross-section
* Create a dyke
* Manage depositional and intrusive rock-relationships
* Render new model-geology sections that are automatically coherent with all other sections

### Tutorial A4

In this tutorial you will add a fault to your 3D model.

You will learn how to:

* Define a fault and its geometry
* Revise your geology interpretation
* Import data with the .mif or .mid interchange format
* Define the relationships between faults and geology formations
* Compute the 3D model taking a fault into account

### Tutorial A5

In this tutorial you will use GeoModeller to incorporate drillhole data into your 3D model.

It also explores problems of inconsistency between sections (interpreted previously) and drillhole data (added later) - and how to revise your interpretive geological work to resolve and therefore improve your model.

You will learn how to:

* Manage drillhole data
* Use drillhole data where partial intersection of a geology formation provides incomplete, but useful information
* Revise your (earlier) interpretation to make it coherent with new data added to the project

### Tutorial A6

In this tutorial you will import numeric data into drillholes you have created, and then how to edit and display this data.

You will learn how to:

* Import Numeric data to existing Drillholes
* How to manipulate the display of Drillhole information
* How to replace and edit Drillhole data

#### Disclaimer

It is Intrepid Geophysics’ understanding that this tutorial document and associated data are provided for purpose of training in the use and application of 3D GeoModeller, and the material and data cannot be used or relied upon for any other purpose. Intrepid Geophysics is not liable for any inaccuracies (including any incompleteness) in this material and data.

Commit message:

Update ReadMe to direct users to documentation

README.md, after:

# GeoModeller Tutorial A (A First Geology Modelling Experience)

## GeoModeller v4.0

Each of the Tutorials in the Intrepid-Geophysics workspace is intended for use with GeoModeller v4.0. If you do not own GeoModeller v4.0 and would like to know more, please do not hesitate to [Contact Us](http://www.intrepid-geophysics.com/ig/index.php?page=contact-us)
## Full Documentation

The full documentation can be found [here](https://docs.intrepid-geophysics.com/geomodeller/topics/3D_GeoModeller_Tutorial_Case_Study_A.html#Tutorial_A_A_First)
## Introduction

This tutorial is included as part of the GeoModeller v4.0 package, and is intended to be the first tutorial new users should explore. This tutorial comes in six parts, corresponding to A1-A6. In most cases, a **beginning** version and a **completed** version of the project is included in case you have trouble finishing a section, or if you wish to run through one section without doing all the parts that come before it.

### Tutorial A1

In this tutorial you will use basic functions of GeoModeller to build a simple 3D model comprised of 2 geology formations.

You will learn how to:

* Create a project by defining its limits, its formations and geological pile
* Create a topographic surface, using a Digital Terrain Model (DTM)
* Create a section
* Import geology data to a map-view and a cross-section
* Compute the 3D model
* Render the 3D model in 2D views
* Display the model in 3D

### Tutorial A2

In this tutorial you will build a 3D model with several geology formations that have more complex relationships.

You will learn how to:

* Open an existing project
* Add geology formations to a project
* Modify the geological pile
* Plot model geology cross-sections that are automatically coherent with all other sections

### Tutorial A3

In this tutorial you will add intrusive bodies to the geology. A granite body is created from surface data and interpretation of a seismic section. A dyke is created from surface data.

You will learn how to:

* Open an existing project
* Import geological data onto surface topography and a cross-section
* Create a dyke
* Manage depositional and intrusive rock-relationships
* Render new model-geology sections that are automatically coherent with all other sections

### Tutorial A4

In this tutorial you will add a fault to your 3D model.

You will learn how to:

* Define a fault and its geometry
* Revise your geology interpretation
* Import data with the .mif or .mid interchange format
* Define the relationships between faults and geology formations
* Compute the 3D model taking a fault into account

### Tutorial A5

In this tutorial you will use GeoModeller to incorporate drillhole data into your 3D model.

It also explores problems of inconsistency between sections (interpreted previously) and drillhole data (added later) - and how to revise your interpretive geological work to resolve and therefore improve your model.

You will learn how to:

* Manage drillhole data
* Use drillhole data where partial intersection of a geology formation provides incomplete, but useful information
* Revise your (earlier) interpretation to make it coherent with new data added to the project

### Tutorial A6

In this tutorial you will import numeric data into drillholes you have created, and then how to edit and display this data.

You will learn how to:

* Import Numeric data to existing Drillholes
* How to manipulate the display of Drillhole information
* How to replace and edit Drillhole data

#### Disclaimer

It is Intrepid Geophysics’ understanding that this tutorial document and associated data are provided for purpose of training in the use and application of 3D GeoModeller, and the material and data cannot be used or relied upon for any other purpose. Intrepid Geophysics is not liable for any inaccuracies (including any incompleteness) in this material and data.
